OSDOCS#16810:Updated short description and procedure_Assembly jobs CQA (#110838)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/learning-getting-idp-github-org.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * rosa_learning/creating_cluster_workshop/learning-getting-started-idp.adoc
:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="learning-getting-started-idp-github-org_{context}"]
= Creating a GitHub organization

[role="_abstract"]
To use GitHub as your identity provider (IDP), configure an organization within your GitHub account, and set yourself as an administrator.

[TIP]
====

> If you are already an administrator in an existing organization and you want to use that organization, skip to the next section 'Setting up an IDP with GitHub'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are already an administrator in an existing organization and you want to use that organization, skip to the next section "Setting up an IDP with GitHub".
```
This is how I understood the OCP docs guidelines. When referring to a section within the same assembly, we add quotation marks. But I've just read it myself now for the 1st time, feel free to double-check, please: [Lead-in link sentences](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#lead-in-link-sentences). There's an example: For more information, see "<section_name>".

Author: Done :+1:

====

.Procedure
. Log in to your GitHub account.

> . Create a new GitHub organization where you are an administrator.

Reviewer: This step can be deleted since it repeats information from a module introduction and describes what the whole procedure does. It's not exactly a step.

Author: Have removed that line now :+1:  I remember thinking that when looking at it, how it's just a generic overview of what the procedure is, rather than an actual step!
